We're
looking at the hind leg of the animal,
and as I kind of talked about a little bit
before, it's it's a
it's a leg until it's cured
and then it's a ham or smoked
at this state here,
we could certainly do a few things
to make it into something
that's recognizable as prosciutto curable.
We would take off this back tailbone
and this aitch bone as well,
but we want to actually dissect it
and get it down
into its individual muscles today.
So we're going to start by taking the back
trotter off
and then we'll take the back hawk off.
So for the back trotter,
there's no easy way to kind of navigate
the joints with a knife.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to go ahead and just use the saw.
So I'm just looking back here for I'm
sure there's a fancy Latin name for it,
but for my purposes today,
this will be the back ankle. OK.
So just above the back ankle, I'll
just take the saw and I don't really need
to trace anything as long as I know
where I'm going with the saw.
And I just go through the bone.
I take my knife and just cut that off.
So we've got our back trotter. OK.
And then I'm actually just going to use
my knife to navigate through the joint
between the tibia and the femur.
And once I can isolate
where that joint is here
as my finger, it's a little bit deceiving
because where I can put my finger
and where I can manipulate the joint, it's
actually a little bit higher than that.
So where I can manipulate it
here, I'm actually
going to be aiming up in this area here
where I can find the joint
to go through with the knife,
and I'm just going to use this reverse
grip again,
something that I feel very comfortable
with, and I'm going to be pulling it back
to separate this hawk from the inside
round here.
So one of the things
that I need to be cognizant
about is how much of this inside around
I want to be on the hawk.
While I can totally appreciate the hawk
for what it is a great cut
that can be slow roasted, smoked braised,
anything.
I also don't want to minimize
the amount of inside round
that will get to you in just a little bit.
So I'm just going to go ahead
and just pull my knife through,
and once I'm
through, I'll just need to come in again
and navigate that joint that I identified,
and I can just remove
the back hawk from the leg.